Rewrite documentation. (#23305)
jhipster/generator-jhipster: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Search [GitHub](https://github.com/jhipster/generator-jhipster/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr) for an open or closed Pull Request
  that relates to your submission.

> - If you want to modify the JHipster generator, read our [Development](DEVELOPMENT.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to modify the JHipster generator, read our [Development Guide](DEVELOPMENT.md)
```

- Follow our [Coding Rules](#rules).
- In GitHub, send a pull request to `jhipster/generator-jhipster:main`.
- **Every CI tests must pass**.

That's it! Thank you for your contribution!

## <a name="rules"></a> Coding Rules

To ensure consistency throughout the source code, keep these rules in mind as you are working:

- All features or bug fixes **must be tested** by one or more tests.
- Most files formatting are checked by prettier and eslint.

> - EJS files uses a 2 spaces identation for templates logic and follows the generated file rules for the templating parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- EJS files use a two-space indentation for template logic and follow the generated file rules for the templating parts.
```
